README.md, before:

Firefox OS D7 Peercoin Tracker
==============================

A simple Firefox OS app that allows you to track your mining progress on the D7 mining pool. This application was originally developed as a Chrome browser extension but was ported over to Firefox OS because it is just that awesome of a platform.

You will need an API key from the D7 mining pool in order for this application to work properly. You can download this app on the <a href="https://marketplace.firefox.com/app/d7-peercoin-tracker/">Firefox Marketplace</a>. You can check the <a href="https://github.com/CMDann/Peer-Coin-Tracker-FirefoxOS-App/blob/master/README.md#change-log">Change Log</a> for updates.

About
-----
This app was developed by Dan Blair from Winnipeg Manitoba. Check out some of his other work on his personal website and blog <a href="http://cmdann.ca">CMDann.ca</a> or why not just contriube to this project right here?

<a href="http://affiliates.mozilla.org/link/banner/46614"><img src="http://affiliates.mozilla.org/media/uploads/banners/21667af8d37e6766384104cdd8f96ee479e56221.png" alt="Firefox OS" /></a>

Projects Used
=============
<pre>
  - this project uses the FireFox OS Boilerplate - https://github.com/robnyman/Firefox-OS-Boilerplate-App
</pre>

Known Bugs
==========
<pre>
  - After setting the API key you have to relaunch the app before data will be loaded.
</pre>

Change Log
==========
<pre>
06/05/2014 - Added App files
           - Published app to store

05/05/2014 - Created repository and README
</pre>

Commit message:

Fixed the big where the app needed to be relaunched when the api key was added

README.md, after:

Firefox OS D7 Peercoin Tracker
==============================

A simple Firefox OS app that allows you to track your mining progress on the D7 mining pool. This application was originally developed as a Chrome browser extension but was ported over to Firefox OS because it is just that awesome of a platform.

You will need an API key from the D7 mining pool in order for this application to work properly. You can download this app on the <a href="https://marketplace.firefox.com/app/d7-peercoin-tracker/">Firefox Marketplace</a>. You can check the <a href="https://github.com/CMDann/Peer-Coin-Tracker-FirefoxOS-App/blob/master/README.md#change-log">Change Log</a> for updates.

About
-----
This app was developed by Dan Blair from Winnipeg Manitoba. Check out some of his other work on his personal website and blog <a href="http://cmdann.ca">CMDann.ca</a> or why not just contriube to this project right here?

<a href="http://affiliates.mozilla.org/link/banner/46614"><img src="http://affiliates.mozilla.org/media/uploads/banners/21667af8d37e6766384104cdd8f96ee479e56221.png" alt="Firefox OS" /></a>

Projects Used
=============
<pre>
  - this project uses the FireFox OS Boilerplate - https://github.com/robnyman/Firefox-OS-Boilerplate-App
</pre>

Known Bugs
==========
<pre>
  - None right now, if you experiance anything let me know.
</pre>

Change Log
==========
<pre>
11/05/2014 - Fixed the bug where the app needed to be relaunched

06/05/2014 - Added App files
           - Published app to store

05/05/2014 - Created repository and README
</pre>
